https://codepen.io/nadeem-khan-the-decoder/pen/mdrzXPy?editors=1100

    24, 31 - GET CLARIFICATION

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic html is structure based html elements such as headers, footers, nav, body, head, etc it helps 
        organize the website for search engines and screen readers and makes it easier to style 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to structure the "skeleton" of a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        an attribute is used to give certain html elements a value such as for an img or href for an a tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag is the largest header for a website and should only be used once per a html document

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a tag and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        we link to our stylesheet or fonts

    7. What is an id? 
        an id is a selector we can add to an html element to specifically select that element alone for css styling

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        we can add an id to almost all html elements but we can only call it once in CSS styling

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a more general selector that we can add to our html elements to style more than a single element at a time with the same styling
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        We can add a class to all elements of html just like an ID, but unlike a class we can select a class multiple times in css

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as we like/need

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank" added as an attribute to ensure our link opens in a new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        the alt attribute in the image tag is used for screen reading and for our search engine to be able to have descriptions of the images on our website

    15. How do I reference an id?
        we call an id within the stylesheet page using a #ClassNameHere {}
        
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is semantic while a div gives no semantic information 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Css is used for styling our html document/website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        we type in the name of the element we are trying to select ex p {enter property:value;}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used multiple times while an id may only be used once. 
        Example of use: say we have 8 boxes on a page and we want the same spacing/size etc on them - we style that with class
        Now say we want to style each box individually coloring them differently we use an ID specific to each box to do so

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        we select classes in css with .ClassNameHere

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        It is a selector that selects all the children of a parent element, this would be useful in the case of something such as trying to select all the text within a div tag that has been broken into several p tags

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        /* GET CLARIFICATION HERE */

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase, text-transform:lowercase, text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: 1px dotted black }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * is used to select everything

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        to write a comment in css we surround our comment with /* and end it with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        whereami

        /*DOUBLE CHECK THIS*/

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        to remove a file with the command line type git rm <fileNameHere>. we have to be careful about this because there is no confirmation asking if we really want to delete the file

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        this allows us to work with multiple developers and revert back to an older code if we start running into unexplained bugs later on.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        we should push early and push often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin BranchNameHere

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1) Fork 2) clone with gitbash 3) checkout branch git checkout -b BranchName 4)change something in the file 5) git add (to stage those changes) 6)commit those changes (git commit -m "MessageHere") 7) push with git push -u origin BranchNameHere to push up to gitHub